the guys I'm recording more new video
class is explaining about the gun
5.5 spring pressure of spring
I've been analyzing the other weapon of
home pressure and that I had drawn
for you to see
only as she had a lot of mistakes I
I caught and victimized again to show the
You how can she really leave?
to be able to do is so at eleven is a
escape program and the power to do
that my depression and also for the
My national labor market is
modern and I have
It's ready in your trigger and I'm going
explain some things there with tech
country you do it
first, her barrel must be of
iron because I spoke of pvc is the
apprehension is strong and it goes
studio shot or streak
good this path that will put the
or ball or something of the type of
ammo you want is he has it
will have three of 4.5 universal option
5.5 or 6 millimeters
there are several 4.5 far distance
five points line for medium distance
impact and 6.5 for medium distance
the impact also the material of these bed
I'm going to use carbon fiber is very cheap
in the market and stronger
hold on for longer
it's the welding I'm going to use an alley
steel in the mouth of that rest on
mouth of the pipe
I am of peace do not miss any
drilling a 3 8th block drill bit
america block and a best ok and
Escano connected to one and may think
to leak in this place that I'm looking for
one will have another street she welded without
only escape without escaping and she
will have a hole in the middle 13 is a quarter
14 no 14 11 8th
I can not set the size of the background
I know the future will be tomorrow
of the iron I used to pull spring
beauty is going to have another one has drawn here
I will be able to pull PROUNI old lady will have
to the hand of force here in this area here she
going to be she's going to be utilitarian in
which will facilitate in armagh weapon with
less force this video tripod
Then this soul here will have all
I'm doing the miranda where it was
very good very optical and you can see
and you can see from afar only that it will be semira
Normal thinner type hobbled giving to
to see
Look here first, the group can
see and if possible the average
distance depending on distance is
a person who is able to accept with
this gun here about 50 meters without a telescope
50 meters in black
the person has to train is not well
train hard to get good is good
It's going to have to be triggered.
I will also give a special
trigger you to see the
trigger and woke up in wide of the
coruna color will be four
centimeters and a half must be very strong
also the butt bear the impact
also they will not crack and I will
draw is already drawn that the trigger
and show you how the trigger is
this upper part will hold a
ball welded on the power hand ferry
that will lock the cake, but this part
bottom will hold and support 50
civilian on the street, she may leave the
pull force to the hand stand
participatory to one alone and stay
Light
I'm not going to pull the trigger anymore.
light accept the album more chance
this very simple interspersing
It will have to be metal to be able to handle
and not break
and the screw the screws until it goes
have to stay focused on the weapon and
TQC screws crossing time to
take care of her has to be pine pin
if possible with the beloved in chrome to
be able to facilitate more or
good guys want to leave is another
statement that is the estimate of
Finishing this yellow is going to be for the day.
January 1 , I intend to finish the
fast as possible undergoing
a difficult phase
beginning the career of joiner of the
I can spend a lot but I will do the
possible even there depending on mere
coincidences of tidying up some clients
to which is installed whatever it is and region
Free Shipping Created Table Bed Closet And
etc
we send
it is planned furniture is by that program
here the person if she liked
contact us by email we do the
order with the torque and the
payment
the best possible form of payment and is
only that
Thank you very much and enjoy it and comment
favor
shaw